Welcome to Drive Smart.
This short introduction provides you with some key tips
before you get started.
This is the Dashboard.
At first, only the introduction is available,
but after completing the introduction,
the Scanning, Keep Ahead and Play Safe
and Concentration modules
will become available.
Once you've completed the first three modules,
the Country Driving and Urban Driving modules
will become available for you to work through.
At any time during your progress through Drive Smart,
you can return to this Dashboard to check your progress
and select any module available to you.
The links highlighted at the top of the page
are generally available from Drive Smart pages.
Clicking on the Drive Smart logo takes you back to the login page.
Clicking the Dashboard brings you back to this page.
Clicking 'Hall of Fame'
shows you how you and other people have performed
on Drive Smart exercises.
Clicking on 'Help' takes you to more information on Drive Smart
and how to use it.
Clicking 'Feedback' lets you send a message to the Drive Smart team.
And finally, clicking 'Log Out' exits you from Drive Smart.